# 2021-01-01
#daily-notes

#### Must do:
- [ ] Clean car & check tyres

#### Personal metrics:
| Metric | Notes |
|---|---|
| Morning Weight: |  12st 2.2lbs  |  
| Body Fat:               |  13.9%  | 
| Sleep Notes:        |  Poor Sleep. Fireworks at 1pm, too hot, alcohol and sugar in system | 
| Gratitude:			| That I can run injury free; Bacon, figs, brie, sourdough and honey and I wife who is happy to cook this for me |
| Mood Notes:        | Tired, sore throat, but not too grumpy | 

#### Challenges and achievements:
- Run: 4 miles
- Bicep Curls: 20kg 3 * 10
- Olympic Ring Chin-ups: 3 * 10
- Bass 16th notes: 20 mins
- Fast: Until 1pm
- Healthy Eating: 7
- Alcohol: NONE
- Refined Sugar: NONE 


#### Personal musings & ideas:
- One day, people will be making #deep-fakes of each other in order to smear each other. Everything we publish will need to be personally authenticated by a #blockchain hash.
- The film #groundhog-day implies #determinism - the way every event of the day is scripted ignores the #chaos that Phil Connors will create by the randomness of his own actions and also implies that every #quantum decision by one of the the inhabitants is deterministic, rather than played out as probabilistic potentials.
- #prosopagnosia is the term for face blindness. Today when out running along the Thames, I was thinking about Jo and Paul and our talk about doing #cold-water-immersion on new years day.  As I was thinking about them I passed a woman who called out to me. Took me a while to realise it was actually Jo, who was with Paul and family... They were out of context and even though they were on my mind at that moment, I still would have carried on running past them. #synchronicity.
- #brain-wave-synchrony - when you are attuned to someone, engaged with them. So if doing a joint task it is good to try to get a moment of connection first (like a cringey huddle).
- Most people would not resist the #nazi regime. #conformity - How did this happen? Is it fair to compare Covid shamers with those who would have turned you in to the #stasi? #question (See [[@Michael Malice]] and [[@lex Friedman]])
- Life is absurd. A search for meaning in an absurd world will drive you crazy. Embrace the absurdity and enjoy the ride. #thought - look into [[@Albert Camus]] around absurdity. On absurdity, also see [[@UG Krishnamurti]] on enlightenment - the concept of seeking the ultimate truth is absurd, as he thinks there is nothing to seek.

#### If today was Groundhog day, how could I have lived differently?
I've sat around too much...  Could have done some stretching.  Could have read more.  I've played a fair bit of music today, but if I had to relive the day over and over, maybe it would be better to play with real people.

#### Dumping scratch area
- Check out the holodomor - the Soviet starvation of the Ukranes in 1932-33, genocide of millions - I've heard of this event before but it is strange that it is not as well known as the holocaust.  Why is that? #question 
- Think about the 'social cost' of speaking out, or going against the grain - the ridicule and risk of life you would have incurred if you had gone against the grain and sympathised with the Jews. #thought 
